ticdc: add a faq about generated column (#19369)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-faq.md

  }
]
```

> ## What happens to generated columns in DML?
> 
> Generated columns include stored generated columns and virtual generated columns. TiCDC will ignore virtual generated columns and only replicate stored generated columns to downstream. The stored generated columns are also ignored when the downstream is MySQL database or other MySQL-compatible databases, but not Kafka or other storage services.
> 
> > **Note:**
> >
> > When replicating stored generated columns to Kafka or storage services, and then writing back to MySQL, an error may occur `Error 3105 (HY000): The value specified for generated column 'xx' in table 'xxx' is not allowed`. you could use [Open Protocol](https://docs.pingcap.com/zh/tidb/stable/ticdc-open-protocol#ticdc-open-protocol) to avoid this error because this protocol carries column type that the generated column could be distinguished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Does TiCDC replicate generated columns of DML operations?

Generated columns include virtual generated columns and stored generated columns. TiCDC ignores virtual generated columns and only replicates stored generated columns to the downstream. However, stored generated columns are also ignored when the downstream is MySQL or another MySQL-compatible database (rather than Kafka or other storage services).

> **Note:**
>
> When replicating stored generated columns to Kafka or a storage service and then writing them back to MySQL, `Error 3105 (HY000): The value specified for generated column 'xx' in table 'xxx' is not allowed` might occur. To avoid this error, you can use [Open Protocol](/ticdc/ticdc-open-protocol.md#ticdc-open-protocol) for replication. The output of this protocol includes [bit flags of columns](/ticdc/ticdc-open-protocol.md#bit-flags-of-columns), which can distinguish whether a column is a generated column.
```

  }
]
```

## What happens to generated columns in DML when TiCDC replicates data to Kafka or storage services?

> Generated columns include stored generated columns and virtual generated columns. TiCDC will ignore virtual generated columns and only replicate stored generated columns to downstream. When stored generated columns replicate to downstream, such as Kafka or storage services, and then write back to MySQL, an error will occur: Error 3105 (HY000): The value specified for generated column 'xx' in table 'xxx' is not allowed.

Reviewer 2: "such as Kafka or storage services, and then write back to MySQL" It is necessary for the error? I mean if we directly replicate "stored generated columns" to MySQL, will the error occur?

Author: No, txn sink ignores the generated column.
